ContentService::loadRelations → ContentService::loadRelationList (#2544)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/content_api/browsing_content.md

Content Relations are versioned.
To list Relations to and from your content,

> you need to pass a `VersionInfo` object to the [`ContentService::loadRelationList`](../../api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Repository-ContentService.html#method_loadRelationList) method.

Author: ```suggestion
you need to pass a `VersionInfo` object to the [`ContentService::loadRelationList`](../../api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Repository-ContentService.html#method_loadRelationList) method which is paginated.
```

> you need to pass a `VersionInfo` object to the [`ContentService::loadRelationList`](../../api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Repository-ContentService.html#method_loadRelationList) method which is paginated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to pass a `VersionInfo` object to the [`ContentService::loadRelationList`](../../api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Repository-ContentService.html#method_loadRelationList) method. This method loads only the specified subset of relations to improve performance and was created with pagination in mind.
```
